1. M: I can't believe how blurry my vision has become lately.
W: It's good that you came in for an eye exam today.
M: Do you think I might need glasses?
W: It’s possible. Let's run a few more tests first.
M: Should I be worried about my eye condition?
W: I’ll let you know after we run a few more exams.
Question: What will the woman do next?
Option A. perform more eye exams
Option B. diagnose an eye condition
Option C. write a prescription for glasses
Option D. recommend seeing a specialist

2. W: Look at these gorgeous hues.
M: Quite impressive, aren’t they. She was famous for her sunsets.
W: I saw a few on the other wall that were in a different style.
M: That was her earlier style. She was much more avant-garde in the 30s.
W: Should we move on to the sculpture section soon?
M: Let’s just stick to this floor this morning.
Question: Where are they, most likely?
Option A. an art museum
Option B. at a friend’s house
Option C. in a shopping mall
Option D. at a music concert

3. M: I can't believe we finally signed the contract for the new office.
W: It's a huge step for our little enterprise. I'm really excited about it.
M: Me, too. We've worked so hard to get to this point.
W: You can say that again. By the way, I have a cousin who could do the interiors.
M: That sounds perfect. Better to keep expenses close to home.
W: Thanks! I’ll make sure she reflects our brand’s vision and mission.
Question: Who most likely are the man and woman?
Option A. business partners
Option B. siblings
Option C. real estate agents
Option D. corporate accountants

4. W: Did you hear about the new fire safety initiative that’s being launched?
M: Yes, I read about it in the local newspaper. It sounds very comprehensive.
W: They're offering free fire extinguisher checks and replacements.
M: That’s great! They're also providing workshops on how to use them properly.
W: I think it’s really important, especially for families with young children, but for anyone in the community really.
M: Absolutely. I'm planning to attend the workshop next Saturday. Did you want to go together?
Question: What is the conversation mainly about?
Option A. a community fire safety program
Option B. a local newspaper article
Option C. installing a new fire alarm
Option D. a recent fire in the neighborhood