1. Passage: For many modern celebrants, a birthday simply is not the same without a cake and candles. Like so many social customs, the tradition of lighting miniature fires over a sweet baked good may seem ridiculous to “uninitiated onlookers.” So where did the intriguing practice of birthday candles get its start? Some sociologists and historians attribute the birth of the tradition to Ancient Greece. In ancient times, pilgrims would approach the famed Temple of Artemis bearing cakes topped with glowing lit candles meant to represent the moon, a symbol linked with the temple’s goddess. Because birthdays represented the passing of time, the moon association was crucial to the ceremony. Another theory links the origins of birthday candles to an eighteenth-century German count, who ordered a giant candle-topped cake for an entire festival he held as his birthday celebrations. The cake was specially baked with holes in which to place the candles. The very idea for this count’s birthday cake and candles may have stemmed from the German tradition of small cakes with a single lit candle to celebrate one year of life gained during Kinderfest, a special day for children. Due to a ban on birthday celebrations from Germany’s Christian church during medieval times, for two centuries Kinderfest became children’s only celebration of their birthday. Whether they began in Ancient Greece or in Germany, birthday candles have become an essential component of a good birthday party, particularly in western societies. At this point, a birthday without these joyful symbols of the years gone by simply is not the same.
Question1: What is the passage mainly about?
Option A1: the origins of birthday candles
Option B1: types of birthday sweets
Option C1: cultures that did not celebrate birthdays
Option D1: international differences in birthday practices
Question2: According to the passage, which of the following is mentioned?
Option A2: Religious pilgrims carried moon symbols to the Temple of Artemis
Option B2: Ancient Greeks were banned from entering temples
Option C2: A European count baked the world’s first cake
Option D2: In the Middle Ages, German church authorities had grand birthday parties
Question3: The quoted “uninitiated onlookers” is most similar in meaning to:
Option A3: unknowledgeable viewers
Option B3: unhappy observers
Option C3: underprepared teachers
Option D3: uninvited guests
Question4: Which of the following can be inferred about the writer’s opinion?
Option A4: Good birthday parties include birthday candles
Option B4: A moist birthday cake is far better than a dry one
Option C4: Birthday parties mean much more to children than to adults
Option D4: Most people no longer care how they celebrate their birthday

2. Passage: Many people may think of the common hippopotamus as a large, friendly, herbivorous animal that lives in the rivers of Africa (hence the Greek provenance of its name: “river horse”). With its cute round ears, even toes, barrel frame, pinkish hairless skin, and giant mouth, the hippo may seem to many viewers somewhat like an adorably jumbo version of a docile farm pig. However, hippos are in fact one of the most dangerous animals on the planet. [A] 2. Hippos kill over 2,900 people a year, and are considered among the deadliest land mammals on earth. While dangerous animals such as illness-bearing mosquitoes are far more ubiquitous and therefore have a higher kill rate, hippos behave extremely aggressively and unpredictably, making any encounter with these large beasts a risky affair. [B] Hippos’ natural habitat includes rivers, swamps, and lakes, territory which is belligerently defended by male bulls. Meanwhile, females, who head to the shores to eat, can become highly bellicose if they sense their water-inhabiting babies are in danger. In addition, while hippos may be incapable of jumping, they are fast runners on land, and their seemingly comical maws are filled with huge, sharp teeth. [C] 3. Of course, while hippos are dangerous to humans, it is likely that the latter threaten the former even more. Not only has habitat loss confined the common hippopotamus to smaller and smaller territories, but the illegal trade in hippos’ ivory teeth and their meat has also led to increased poaching. [D]
Question1: Which of the following would be the best title for the passage?
Option A1: Hippos: Surprisingly Dangerous
Option B1: Hippos: Decreasing Habitats
Option C1: Hippos: Hidden Treasures
Option D1: Hippos: Vegetarian Pigs of the River
Question2: What is true according to the passage?
Option A2: Female hippos can act violently if they sense danger to their babies
Option B2: Hippos can jump long distances when threatened
Option C2: Hippos usually attack only when provoked by humans
Option D2: Male hippos live on land while females live in water
Question3: Which of the following best describes the tone of the passage?
Option A3: detached
Option B3: outraged
Option C3: insistent
Option D3: humorous
Question4: Where does the following sentence best belong?: “Clearly then, while an interaction with a hippo can prove treacherous, it is humans who are the deadliest of all.”
Option A4: [D]
Option B4: [A]
Option C4: [B]
Option D4: [C]