1. Passage: Many people believe that nothing can be done about obesity. However, did you know that obesity is preventable? Obesity is defined as abnormal or excessive fat accumulation that may impair health. Body mass index (BMI) is a common way to classify obesity. The fundamental cause of obesity is an imbalance between calories consumed and calories expended. The intake of energy-dense food that is high in sugars and fat, and physical inactivity due to “sedentary” work has caused increased obesity rates. 
Obesity must be watched for since it leads to diseases including cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and even some types of cancer. Obesity is especially harmful for children because it is associated with adult obesity, premature death, and disability. 
Nevertheless, the most important thing is that obesity can be prevented. Supportive environments and communities influence a person’s decisions in order to consume healthy food and exercise regularly. Individuals can limit the sugars and fats that they intake, consume more fruits and vegetables, and engage in more physical activity.
Question1. What is the main idea of the passage?
Option A1: how to prevent obesity
Option B1: how to avoid diseases
Option C1: how to measure BMI
Option D1: how to exercise regularly
Question2. According to the passage, what is true?
Option A2: Obesity can lead to serious diseases
Option B2: An active lifestyle leads to obesity
Option C2: Organic food is the best for obesity
Option D2: Obesity doesn’t occur in children
Question3. The quoted “sedentary” is closest in meaning to:
Option A3: inactive
Option B3: severe
Option C3: rotten
Option D3: solidary
Question4. What can be inferred about the passage?
Option A4: Child obesity is a detrimental factor for adult obesity
Option B4: A person’s environment can’t help prevent obesity
Option C4: It is more than enough to exercise once a month
Option D4: Sugary and fatty foods should be consumed regularly

2. Passage: 1. Many people may think of the common hippopotamus as a large, friendly, herbivorous animal that lives in the rivers of Africa (hence the Greek provenance of its name: “river horse”). With its cute round ears, even toes, barrel frame, pinkish hairless skin, and giant mouth, the hippo may seem to many viewers somewhat like an adorably jumbo version of a docile farm pig. However, hippos are in fact one of the most dangerous animals on the planet. [A] 2. Hippos kill over 2,900 people a year, and are considered among the deadliest land mammals on earth. While dangerous animals such as illness-bearing mosquitoes are far more ubiquitous and therefore have a higher kill rate, hippos behave extremely aggressively and unpredictably, making any encounter with these large beasts a risky affair. [B] Hippos’ natural habitat includes rivers, swamps, and lakes, territory which is belligerently defended by male bulls. Meanwhile, females, who head to the shores to eat, can become highly bellicose if they sense their water-inhabiting babies are in danger. In addition, while hippos may be incapable of jumping, they are fast runners on land, and their seemingly comical maws are filled with huge, sharp teeth. [C] 3. Of course, while hippos are dangerous to humans, it is likely that the latter threaten the former even more. Not only has habitat loss confined the common hippopotamus to smaller and smaller territories, but the illegal trade in hippos’ ivory teeth and their meat has also led to increased poaching. [D]
Question1: Which of the following would be the best title for the passage?
Option A1: Hippos: Surprisingly Dangerous
Option B1: Hippos: Decreasing Habitats
Option C1: Hippos: Hidden Treasures
Option D1: Hippos: Vegetarian Pigs of the River
Question2: What is true according to the passage?
Option A2: Female hippos can act violently if they sense danger to their babies
Option B2: Hippos can jump long distances when threatened
Option C2: Hippos usually attack only when provoked by humans
Option D2: Male hippos live on land while females live in water
Question3: Which of the following best describes the tone of the passage?
Option A3: detached
Option B3: outraged
Option C3: insistent
Option D3: humorous
Question4: Where does the following sentence best belong?: “Clearly then, while an interaction with a hippo can prove treacherous, it is humans who are the deadliest of all.”
Option A4: [D]
Option B4: [A]
Option C4: [B]
Option D4: [C]